# Buckling-Capsule-Metafluids

Folder structure:

- `ExperimentalData`: contains all data on the pressure-volume characteristics of single capsules and suspensions of multiple capsules that were measured experimentally and used to construct the figures in the main text.
	- `Fig1MultipleCapsules`: measurements of the pressure-volume characteristic of different amounts of centimeter scale capsules suspended in a fluid in a glass container (used in Fig. 1C of the main text)
	- `Fig1SingleCapsule`: measurements of the pressure-volume characteristic of a single centimeter scale capsule in a glass container (used in Fig. 1B of the main text). Also contains the measurement of the compliance of the glass container (used in Fig. S6 in the supplemental information).
	- `Fig2CriticalPressures`: measurements of the critical pressures for different spherical capsules (used in Fig. 2B of the main text)
- `NumericalModeling`: contains all code and data to generate the figures in the main text related to the numerical modeling of the pressure-volume characteristic of individual spherical capsules and of metafluids consisting out of multiple capsules
	- `DataProcessing`: all python scripts used to generate the figures containing numerically modeled pressure-volume characteristics in the main text. These scripts refer to the numerical data contained in the `FEMData` folder and the experimental data in the `ExperimentalData` folder. See the `README.txt` file in this folder for more explanation of the included code, how to install it and how to run it.
	- `FEMData`: output generated by the scripts in the `FEMScripts` folder when run by Abaqus for a variety of parameters
	- `FEMScripts`: scripts that can be run byy the finite element modeling software Abaqus to simulate the pressure-volume characteristic of individual spherical capsules with different parameters. These scripts were used to generate the data in the `FEMData` folder. See the `README.txt` file in this folder for more explanation of the included code and how to run it. 
